docs: 8.2 upgrade for Tasklist (#1887)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/guides/update-guide/810-to-820.md

- It is recommended to follow a sequential update path when updating to version 8.2. For example, if running on version 8.0, first update to 8.1, then update to 8.2.
- Migration of data during the version 8.2 update could take longer than previous versions, especially for datasets containing a large amount of incidents data.

## Tasklist

- New configuration is required to enable Tasklist Process Page:
  - `CAMUNDA_TASKLIST_IDENTITY_BASEURL` environment variable should be configured to your Identity host

>   - `CAMUNDA_TASKLIST_IDENTITY_RESOURCE_PERMISSIONS_ENABLED` environment variable should be set to true or false (default is false) and configures Tasklist to use Authorizations coming from Identity.

Reviewer: Are these the names that are used directly by Tasklist or in the help charts? For the flag I would omit Identity, so `CAMUNDA_TASKLIST_RESOURCE_PERMISSIONS_ENABLED` instead of `CAMUNDA_TASKLIST_IDENTITY_RESOURCE_PERMISSIONS_ENABLED` since resource permission or resource authorizations is a new concept globally in C8 and not just related to Identity, but it's not a "hard" opinion from my side.

Author: Those are env vars. On the name, I added the IDENTITY as all other IDENTITY configurations are working like that in tasklist.

- New configuration is required to enable Tasklist Process Page:
  - `CAMUNDA_TASKLIST_IDENTITY_BASEURL` environment variable should be configured to your Identity host
  - `CAMUNDA_TASKLIST_IDENTITY_RESOURCE_PERMISSIONS_ENABLED` environment variable should be set to true or false (default is false) and configures Tasklist to use Authorizations coming from Identity.

>     - To enable this variable in Tasklist, Resource authorizations must be [enabled in Identity](../../identity/user-guide/authorizations/managing-resource-authorizations/).

Reviewer: We will document how to enable the feature in the concepts section, so it is easier discovered by users.

@christinaausley a PR with the new page is on the way.

```suggestion
    - To enable this variable in Tasklist, Resource authorizations must be [enabled in Identity](../../concepts/access-control/resource-authorizations/).
```

Author: @christinaausley and @dlavrenuek should we hold this PR until the new page is created or should we merge it?

Reviewer 2: @dlavrenuek @marcosgvieira Up to you -- if you want to go ahead and get this PR out the door we can always start fresh with a new one.

Reviewer: @marcosgvieira we will have cross-references f.e. from [this PR](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-docs/pull/1897), so you can go ahead and merge if the only problem is the missing page
